MoveIt Survey Results Blog Post (#306)
ros-planning/moveit.ros.org: _posts/2019-05-22-moveit-survey-results.md

---
author: simonGoldstein
comments: false
date: 2019-05-22
layout: post
title: 2019 MoveIt Survey Results
media_type: image
media_link: /assets/images/survey_demographics.png
description: 2019 Survey Results
categories:
- MoveIt!
- ROS
---

> In celebration of the MoveIt 1.0 release we hosted another MoveIt survey. The complete results of the 2019 survey can be viewed [here](/assets/pdfs/2019/moveit_2019_survey.pdf). We were excited to see large percentage of respondant who had submitted PRs to help MoveIt grow and improve. Thanks to all who completed the survey.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In celebration of the MoveIt 1.0 release we requested feedback from the community via a MoveIt survey. The complete results of the 2019 survey can be viewed [here](/assets/pdfs/2019/moveit_2019_survey.pdf). We were excited to see large percentage of respondents who had submitted PRs to help MoveIt grow and improve. Thanks to all who completed the survey, this feedback will help us guide future development.
```
